Readme.md, before:

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Launch Rstudio Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/diogo-almeida/TuckerIdrissiAlmeida2020/main?urlpath=rstudio)
[![DOI](https://img.shields.io/badge/figshare-code&data-b03056.svg?style=flat&labelColor=556470&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAHEAAABxCAMAAADVoLziAAAAb1BMVEUAAABVZHFZxLxgbnpjyMBqd4Nuy8R1gYx4z8mAi5WD082KlZ6N19GVnqaX2tWgqK%2BjzT2p0Emqsbiv01W0u8G01mK62m6%2FxcrA3XrG4IbHTVrLWGTOY2%2FSb3nVeoPZhY7ckJjgm6LjpqzmsbfqvMH7gV4gAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAABmxJREFUeNrtmml%2FqkwMxY%2FFpbgzVpFrizjw%2FT%2Fj0yQcnN76U5B6n83%2Fi7u2HJNJMkko%2FrM8efLkyZMn2%2FUneDxzkLUCoyqKCo9g%2BPIJTQwUi1%2BfHPHzTF8UCEmgWP1SHmDlS6C4DxRzU8wfqUgjtw9WfA0VsU82GVCWQGmKHj%2FFaDBYBEYukTXW4aDn9yGCH1DiwSBGPwbCpE6O6ZSJkcnf30XqAJzy%2FAQlkq%2BO%2BloogFBxh0%2FMnTizGCirniYKTrNxelGRxk3Ep0I%2Fv0YDJeUhMkwhnJoYjUxoNlAW6IH5KYIpDutk3AI%2BzwH%2FfigCVzS%2F9yI2QSoSfz5BFyiueh0jcWlTVK2gNmnvayc4jJrje3vDTzHWY5Qz3FCxBFA7fdI7DysrzuqnKEVDU041E%2BlPnKldP%2F%2F0yBhdYOC%2FBU9koGaoPOBLPcIoyAYed3jsbSlM8YiY6fhSp%2BNuk%2BFk9smnAWbRgufMG03%2FJqA9vA8axS8PqKMmpnk0bt4ovnRWPJliAWdepeJ6ndT1tILm%2B4JH92JOuNtGHKxIW%2FSn5q4xdho2InlCCsRq4phWicBU5WvlV7TG7HhHwHI6R61YllYZHNPGtKYIYRm%2BCweiXj2Kt2FnOBQx5kF%2FirwpKuKu8dnhOW1U85g3OJekbIc70JudKb7UUMQu06jytPtVFfd7S1QrEFv7S4KufPwSqDjVUDQLtNKMxMA5G7uNapligoyVqSUbu3DZL0lRGZn%2FVLEywyNAYyNJJJ7sF1PMsKOi2LpvNVGI5NFslCI9A1lvpTico0k0VJVsPgUbG5N2tq4NS8n8UnE4IIBPrDyISW35qKS1Inw9v6Taw5hbk4sxdkCp9eLQ5HAWPKq9oohKgoxYWeWA0BD2A156Aq3GJ6A4VuGjNrjBPhDMNUEiVRy%2BvOo5XuCg5n2Yop5GGYQEbpKdXW%2FBk7ZteitxrQ%2BGkH2XtNztGkVy5YZ1589ExSLP0YW1ZlLOjzuxInCt43tbWW1Xr9aXTzdBuyZyOxE7ySsFOxoh4v18Kjhw5Z0VhaIOnhQ3mMn9zC%2F0XRWTc%2Bqad1wKh%2BtIq%2BrYiFR1D9GCuV0SNJGKVryvYDd%2Bo6hF8qAX%2B8HfFBRJOncr%2FilaKY5t%2BouQRtri%2BlLiR6haDvsMWLu5gNkN52BZf1%2FEqZUD%2B0d7RQ6K7YKALe1AYG4qd9lYweMG0ztsZFM9berdRnQzlGLn%2B%2FV82lgbMkRqKeLSVueIqQkOvxgKtFDcNp7lqDuxZvrUcnTjoEJFeLSgUew6ngenuZNPn4jq7WsuE9%2FUpV2IuysStXOzuzI15EgksMlbR0UOLkv91e5WMfbaLFZZy8MQiDqvIMbjJSclckXRB%2B1WHeyzaIKWrKJB5ALnthssOJZQkQE7arvBcU2qvNZuGkupHk4vX46SeUcbvYLEmgyElnuxiOm55CPkF1aVb5%2FRST2rFTGfBo9qYeXAAOBcGuwvTHZ4%2BVu0X%2BUITdzAaK0YXU7ht68fejiEUvrfCsgrUrqr1X6TWz0As3jGuXUVxdJEhQVILB%2BNUtFkC6hJZRkirNBGckJbXfBX%2FeVNbLQiKxkvNsZyVkdz6ye8DsBlTwtcEGimrBbHqghBH88ao4p2R1h7RBuB1HVd5tJWzZkZXLzQGbmED2fkOIYqNjPykPdAR2bxqs7Plfh6FO4B6pqnpnACKLgHkARZogcORMe1XJ%2BtDYkYUw97%2Fcl%2FaxZ8Xtis5eHLurYLHPZwzKtvy9G7dlay9as415kisEnqIjivA9JZ5LC0cmd1z17OujFOWTqu2W6iTrulXoURJyruX8f37x7tD94Uw6mkaYkUKnLL0X33eOR%2BlYonNoH7HaxiM1Jn8YLHgB6K3CE3XkXly%2FMOmYRlxftgq73suENmb%2BsZORf25AyMgfB9pJ92ECRV9W2VVSsm7KQDRUvSn4MTJYtKoBhrSfr4wXee%2B9oorp8IFaVY89gZxv2gUjCnL3VdLL%2B4OBY9KvKr%2BjpTCN9zDmmevaWaNSXqgy%2B0s54mCqa9pT85KCqsiu%2BSjsoOPdhQkVxUJFlvr9LIbfM%2BgIrL8K2xz3Mf7kj6p8UeCA5wyZdg1qylfFdOn2wf8FMWwkLD1Llm9C4f%2BTMPdOjkz%2F2UBV%2FDp49VDL06YjeLR3qVkfO7IiPnITQ94epLKlbHY4VHM%2BEq48%2BROod%2FAE%2BePHny5C%2Fb05LcOfhPQAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg%3D%3D)](https://figshare.com/projects/Attraction_Effects_for_Verbal_Gender_and_Number_Are_Similar_but_Not_Identical_Self-Paced_Reading_Evidence_from_Modern_Standard_Arabic/18823)
[![DOI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI:-10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464-d3464d.svg?style=flat&labelColor=606060&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACQAAAAoCAYAAACWwljjAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAACNxJREFUGBnFwXmMnVUZwOHfe8757neXmXtnptOFrtPqtEBpi0ArtFQKZZVVFlkkUcQloMQ%2FlPgHCsEEBKLGoIgSUMCEPYIEZLMssjSShm5IByjT0mE2Zulsd%2B72fee1U0psrkOxA%2BrzCB%2Fj0uee1JxzzM3UcMVhRwr%2FZcI%2BXLDmcW1wAQYYiSOGY49HqTGWKUGC6ek001MZLly4RPiUCB%2Fh%2FL8%2BplODBGM8YEUwjBFUPWWghHDHlpe4JhVw7Vd%2FJHwKDOM4Z83jOiURMsbzgdh7Kt5T8jERQmAdpY4tzGm5gyiO%2BbQ4qlz8%2BJ%2B0LhFStoZYwaAYr1hVRBURQYyhc%2FtG3tl8D5JuZsdgB58Wx17W3XKrbr38OjhvNYOTcgxPaSRfl2U4k6GYDKk4hwj0tm7kzc1%2FpCYzh1R5iO6RXj5K%2FyN3avx%2BG3FvG3H%2FNvx7z5A581c0XHiFMA5hL62PPaHrTjuFurqlxANvAwFaM4PyETMpzptOafYM3qhX7u9%2BipmuERVl2EdY4%2FjD3KOZWyoz0tGCDLbjR9vAV9CgARM2IMkcksyiUQmTSDLt6ruEcQhV7gfNHHcmfqSAAFIoI70FTOcAji7eWj2N7x97IJ8vVSiLEiF0AncO9fM5Moym63BBCrUBIoKooj5GfcRuURkd7SVz6hXUnXCOUMVRxQFmuIDszIMV1Bp0aobKzCwazSHMWabEZTwCCGM6geGGeRhNIHEZ9RESlRij7CHsYsAlwIWUNr7AeBxVAprRSowGFlTBK1IoYwsgo0oq52iMM0TCbgaIUQbiYYjSqHjAoGL4KBJkiDu3MB5DlfAL8%2FE9IyAgsSIKKoIaQROGsAD1sVIREGW3UJT38yGxCIJhn3wMLkTV03vnTUoVQ5VkcxOSdNhJtUhtEhKWMRopqp5gxNNQUYoIFsXYmIVdWV57vo7eEoTG45V98CACQZry1lepZqhiczXsfOdlKi%2FuIGrtQ2OPqU3hJmexU3MEyST1ZRgyHrWesDPH5Ofr2dhj2dAV4gyosm%2FqkSCNjvSw8%2BHfK3txVJmy8ihG3zgXXyhSemETpYH1RIACAiSZQd2yAxl1AeltOeTFekxCaQjh%2BdaAo2Yakk6JvCDiAcOHFEFxoKA2AUGW4htr2ZujyvwvnSXs8e6LL%2BpIezv59zoov9dD1L4T2dJHdmiQsDNL6ql6RusVCTyZkmFdn6GlJ2DpzBJF77BiAQFVBEXwOK1giLAx4Cpoz6vkn3lQMyecJ%2Bzi2Ic5K1cKVdY9fZem1z7BtJuzaBOIerRssA6I4G87QpZML5OkiI1jDBGCR4FYLDEJRk0NRZNmJKyl2xxC0FXgQ4798GDL7%2FS54iZmHTbK8jkp1voE0zCUBByQdfBSh%2BX0HmX%2BFOiPc5RcmmFTw05bS4%2FN0GVr2G5StLgUz5KAtOG3By%2FkQ8I%2BPN1yn7buXM%2F2wTXsLK3DADaxnAucpX%2FNJM644QDOParCwIjBWVAPpeEKi1fPYsaiOWyKAja6FK9LCMaBWEDYTRSKZcgl4dIThD0cVR7dfIe2Dr5Ge34tf269gJQ9lNpgHnWpRRiEQS3jK%2B0cvqCDBc1TKZYMzoICEnlSdQlunrsQwslgyiCAelAPPgYUBPAKUcRv5jdxOf%2Fi2OW%2B9b%2FUHUMb6C68wjNt3yVpl1AbzKMxXAwokRYpxwOoKhVxRN4wtaGbb60e5qbbsqxYFjGSN9hChfZDZ0NDFkrDIIAKu4mACCBgBCoRZDNcvnKRsBfzw6cP05c7f8xAaTv1icOYmT6fhrAZEUPJD1Lwg8RaBgwiFgFUwRrPqiVdqAdVQVTxyYCNzU0gAgiIBTEgBhBQPhArxJ6rmhqpZiaFi5mePpvaxEwgpuAHKfkRVCuAwWABQ7WKd8yb1sM3zxtla5slQ5mdzVNg8iQoRyAGVNlNACMQGAgdWIGE47qTjxCqGE9EMR6g4vN4PAaDwQCGcQm7qRrCRJETl%2FWyuQNsAH8%2FqAkCC1oB5yEMILAgApGHfBn6RqB9gNVTahmPU%2FUYLCD8RxRUQBS8dxzU1MUlyyfRETbAjKlQ9kAKCh7yQ%2BzmLKQCqE9zUS5Jc02aa08%2BQhiHi30ZEWEiIrVkU%2F2cdkwf57QdB2EtFPLg8lyYtRyy%2BLPMrUtz0dIDhT3uYd%2BcJwYM%2B8MqqAAqeG9YtmiA25vamJ1rpTHXRU5byDadzeSjzhb2kwPDfhEQYQ9PrEnqawa5qPZWrHZiBDQCG3yRiXDsB1XwHqIIVA1iAAXVGNUkZRahavHxBqwPmQjDx1CFOAYfgwgESajNxFiJqcQGYYwh0loUQShjAGeEiTCMQz3EMfgYjFGSKSWVAWOEoW7DP1oyROLIJouUvUEVrJQRlE%2FKsYf3oAoi4JwSBuwilAqG93uE7h3w3lZhS4vy6%2B0Zth6%2FgG8c00XT5D5Gikki73BWUeUTceodSokgMFgHqsJoXujeYeh8F7a9BetbwL8DxB6yAmnl%2BodS%2FOXN2fz09FpWHdyOSIVCOY01HmEXFSbCBakigcnR35enr0tobzW8s0VpaVHoEHBADjhAIQSMUgvEGWXDDsspP2%2FkmjMzfH1VB7MahhkuJPAKTpSJcNs35bjt2fUs53Be2VCEtysww0CNwGyFADCAAh6IYNgDFhobPb0luPaBFI%2B2NHHjGf2sPLCNMbFaJsLcdtndctXB3%2BaVBx%2BBMGLBqgxMiqFGIQA8EAExoHzAAAq9FUgECk0x6zscJ949i1ueW0p%2FHlJmlIkQ9ljzwlpd%2FbUbYVsHi44%2FmM19eYg8WOHfeGVMOmGZlg7JOEPPUJ6udZ3AVqCW15%2B7lkOO%2FYqwn4QqP7j6F%2Fqzn9xI49JjSCcCdgwWwQl4BYRcaJmcSmAE3uoegpY24H2Yt5QrLz6aVSsO59STVgkTJIzjsade0NNOugHIs2DVHN4eLtGUSRBHnne3DULndsDTfNyRXHLqclYcuYRjViwT%2Ftsuu%2FJ6hYOUz5yhMF9hmZ7w5e%2Fprbffq%2Fy%2FPPDwk7rirO%2FovQ89rvwP%2FBNSQ9dQqZxzTAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg%3D%3D)](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464/full)
<!-- badges: end -->


# Research compendium for Tucker, Idrissi & Almeida (2020).

A compendium of code and data accompanying the publication:

#### Tucker [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-1514-4598), Idrissi [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-2226-6016), & Almeida [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0003-4674-8092). (2020). Attraction effects for verbal gender and number are similar but not identical: self-paced reading evidence from Modern Standard Arabic.  Published in *Frontiers in Psychology, Language Sciences*, <https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464>

This compendium should allow for the reproduction of all figures and tables reported in the paper.

## Running the scripts

The scripts were created in:

* R (tested with version 4.0.3)
* RStudio (tested with version 1.3.1093)

If you have R and RStudio installed, it should be as easy as:

1. Clone or download this repository

2. Click on the "AnalysisScripts.Rproj" (it should open an RStudio session)

2. Open the file "00-ReproduceAnalyses-Tucker_et_al_2020.R"

3. Run the "Source" command from the RStudio menu

The analysis scripts will create a folder for each experiment as well as meta-analysis. Within each folder, you will find the original datasets used in the analysis as well as the reproduced figures and tables.

## Running the scripts in [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org)

Alternatively, you may also click the badge [![Launch Rstudio Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/diogo-almeida/TuckerIdrissiAlmeida2020/main?urlpath=rstudio) to start an RStudio version on your browser. It may take a while for it to start, though. You can then follow the same instructions as above.

Also, keep in mind that this is under testing and may fail. I managed to get it to work at the time of this writing, but YMMV.

## Notes

1. It may be possible to run the scripts without RStudio. I have no idea on how to do it, though, so I cannot offer any support for it.

2. The bootstrapped CIs reported in the paper will differ a little from the ones generated from these scripts. We forgot to set a reproducible seed on the original analysis scripts, so the exact bootstrapped CIs reported in the paper are not reproducible, but the ones from the scripts are.

## Licenses

Text & Data: [CC-BY-4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Code: [GPL-3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

Commit message:

Added information about supplementary materials to the README.

Readme.md, after:

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Launch Rstudio Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/diogo-almeida/TuckerIdrissiAlmeida2020/main?urlpath=rstudio)
[![DOI](https://img.shields.io/badge/figshare-code&data-b03056.svg?style=flat&labelColor=556470&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAHEAAABxCAMAAADVoLziAAAAb1BMVEUAAABVZHFZxLxgbnpjyMBqd4Nuy8R1gYx4z8mAi5WD082KlZ6N19GVnqaX2tWgqK%2BjzT2p0Emqsbiv01W0u8G01mK62m6%2FxcrA3XrG4IbHTVrLWGTOY2%2FSb3nVeoPZhY7ckJjgm6LjpqzmsbfqvMH7gV4gAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAABmxJREFUeNrtmml%2FqkwMxY%2FFpbgzVpFrizjw%2FT%2Fj0yQcnN76U5B6n83%2Fi7u2HJNJMkko%2FrM8efLkyZMn2%2FUneDxzkLUCoyqKCo9g%2BPIJTQwUi1%2BfHPHzTF8UCEmgWP1SHmDlS6C4DxRzU8wfqUgjtw9WfA0VsU82GVCWQGmKHj%2FFaDBYBEYukTXW4aDn9yGCH1DiwSBGPwbCpE6O6ZSJkcnf30XqAJzy%2FAQlkq%2BO%2BloogFBxh0%2FMnTizGCirniYKTrNxelGRxk3Ep0I%2Fv0YDJeUhMkwhnJoYjUxoNlAW6IH5KYIpDutk3AI%2BzwH%2FfigCVzS%2F9yI2QSoSfz5BFyiueh0jcWlTVK2gNmnvayc4jJrje3vDTzHWY5Qz3FCxBFA7fdI7DysrzuqnKEVDU041E%2BlPnKldP%2F%2F0yBhdYOC%2FBU9koGaoPOBLPcIoyAYed3jsbSlM8YiY6fhSp%2BNuk%2BFk9smnAWbRgufMG03%2FJqA9vA8axS8PqKMmpnk0bt4ovnRWPJliAWdepeJ6ndT1tILm%2B4JH92JOuNtGHKxIW%2FSn5q4xdho2InlCCsRq4phWicBU5WvlV7TG7HhHwHI6R61YllYZHNPGtKYIYRm%2BCweiXj2Kt2FnOBQx5kF%2FirwpKuKu8dnhOW1U85g3OJekbIc70JudKb7UUMQu06jytPtVFfd7S1QrEFv7S4KufPwSqDjVUDQLtNKMxMA5G7uNapligoyVqSUbu3DZL0lRGZn%2FVLEywyNAYyNJJJ7sF1PMsKOi2LpvNVGI5NFslCI9A1lvpTico0k0VJVsPgUbG5N2tq4NS8n8UnE4IIBPrDyISW35qKS1Inw9v6Taw5hbk4sxdkCp9eLQ5HAWPKq9oohKgoxYWeWA0BD2A156Aq3GJ6A4VuGjNrjBPhDMNUEiVRy%2BvOo5XuCg5n2Yop5GGYQEbpKdXW%2FBk7ZteitxrQ%2BGkH2XtNztGkVy5YZ1589ExSLP0YW1ZlLOjzuxInCt43tbWW1Xr9aXTzdBuyZyOxE7ySsFOxoh4v18Kjhw5Z0VhaIOnhQ3mMn9zC%2F0XRWTc%2Bqad1wKh%2BtIq%2BrYiFR1D9GCuV0SNJGKVryvYDd%2Bo6hF8qAX%2B8HfFBRJOncr%2FilaKY5t%2BouQRtri%2BlLiR6haDvsMWLu5gNkN52BZf1%2FEqZUD%2B0d7RQ6K7YKALe1AYG4qd9lYweMG0ztsZFM9berdRnQzlGLn%2B%2FV82lgbMkRqKeLSVueIqQkOvxgKtFDcNp7lqDuxZvrUcnTjoEJFeLSgUew6ngenuZNPn4jq7WsuE9%2FUpV2IuysStXOzuzI15EgksMlbR0UOLkv91e5WMfbaLFZZy8MQiDqvIMbjJSclckXRB%2B1WHeyzaIKWrKJB5ALnthssOJZQkQE7arvBcU2qvNZuGkupHk4vX46SeUcbvYLEmgyElnuxiOm55CPkF1aVb5%2FRST2rFTGfBo9qYeXAAOBcGuwvTHZ4%2BVu0X%2BUITdzAaK0YXU7ht68fejiEUvrfCsgrUrqr1X6TWz0As3jGuXUVxdJEhQVILB%2BNUtFkC6hJZRkirNBGckJbXfBX%2FeVNbLQiKxkvNsZyVkdz6ye8DsBlTwtcEGimrBbHqghBH88ao4p2R1h7RBuB1HVd5tJWzZkZXLzQGbmED2fkOIYqNjPykPdAR2bxqs7Plfh6FO4B6pqnpnACKLgHkARZogcORMe1XJ%2BtDYkYUw97%2Fcl%2FaxZ8Xtis5eHLurYLHPZwzKtvy9G7dlay9as415kisEnqIjivA9JZ5LC0cmd1z17OujFOWTqu2W6iTrulXoURJyruX8f37x7tD94Uw6mkaYkUKnLL0X33eOR%2BlYonNoH7HaxiM1Jn8YLHgB6K3CE3XkXly%2FMOmYRlxftgq73suENmb%2BsZORf25AyMgfB9pJ92ECRV9W2VVSsm7KQDRUvSn4MTJYtKoBhrSfr4wXee%2B9oorp8IFaVY89gZxv2gUjCnL3VdLL%2B4OBY9KvKr%2BjpTCN9zDmmevaWaNSXqgy%2B0s54mCqa9pT85KCqsiu%2BSjsoOPdhQkVxUJFlvr9LIbfM%2BgIrL8K2xz3Mf7kj6p8UeCA5wyZdg1qylfFdOn2wf8FMWwkLD1Llm9C4f%2BTMPdOjkz%2F2UBV%2FDp49VDL06YjeLR3qVkfO7IiPnITQ94epLKlbHY4VHM%2BEq48%2BROod%2FAE%2BePHny5C%2Fb05LcOfhPQAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg%3D%3D)](https://figshare.com/projects/Attraction_Effects_for_Verbal_Gender_and_Number_Are_Similar_but_Not_Identical_Self-Paced_Reading_Evidence_from_Modern_Standard_Arabic/18823)
[![DOI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI:-10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464-d3464d.svg?style=flat&labelColor=606060&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACQAAAAoCAYAAACWwljjAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAACNxJREFUGBnFwXmMnVUZwOHfe8757neXmXtnptOFrtPqtEBpi0ArtFQKZZVVFlkkUcQloMQ%2FlPgHCsEEBKLGoIgSUMCEPYIEZLMssjSShm5IByjT0mE2Zulsd%2B72fee1U0psrkOxA%2BrzCB%2Fj0uee1JxzzM3UcMVhRwr%2FZcI%2BXLDmcW1wAQYYiSOGY49HqTGWKUGC6ek001MZLly4RPiUCB%2Fh%2FL8%2BplODBGM8YEUwjBFUPWWghHDHlpe4JhVw7Vd%2FJHwKDOM4Z83jOiURMsbzgdh7Kt5T8jERQmAdpY4tzGm5gyiO%2BbQ4qlz8%2BJ%2B0LhFStoZYwaAYr1hVRBURQYyhc%2FtG3tl8D5JuZsdgB58Wx17W3XKrbr38OjhvNYOTcgxPaSRfl2U4k6GYDKk4hwj0tm7kzc1%2FpCYzh1R5iO6RXj5K%2FyN3avx%2BG3FvG3H%2FNvx7z5A581c0XHiFMA5hL62PPaHrTjuFurqlxANvAwFaM4PyETMpzptOafYM3qhX7u9%2BipmuERVl2EdY4%2FjD3KOZWyoz0tGCDLbjR9vAV9CgARM2IMkcksyiUQmTSDLt6ruEcQhV7gfNHHcmfqSAAFIoI70FTOcAji7eWj2N7x97IJ8vVSiLEiF0AncO9fM5Moym63BBCrUBIoKooj5GfcRuURkd7SVz6hXUnXCOUMVRxQFmuIDszIMV1Bp0aobKzCwazSHMWabEZTwCCGM6geGGeRhNIHEZ9RESlRij7CHsYsAlwIWUNr7AeBxVAprRSowGFlTBK1IoYwsgo0oq52iMM0TCbgaIUQbiYYjSqHjAoGL4KBJkiDu3MB5DlfAL8%2FE9IyAgsSIKKoIaQROGsAD1sVIREGW3UJT38yGxCIJhn3wMLkTV03vnTUoVQ5VkcxOSdNhJtUhtEhKWMRopqp5gxNNQUYoIFsXYmIVdWV57vo7eEoTG45V98CACQZry1lepZqhiczXsfOdlKi%2FuIGrtQ2OPqU3hJmexU3MEyST1ZRgyHrWesDPH5Ofr2dhj2dAV4gyosm%2FqkSCNjvSw8%2BHfK3txVJmy8ihG3zgXXyhSemETpYH1RIACAiSZQd2yAxl1AeltOeTFekxCaQjh%2BdaAo2Yakk6JvCDiAcOHFEFxoKA2AUGW4htr2ZujyvwvnSXs8e6LL%2BpIezv59zoov9dD1L4T2dJHdmiQsDNL6ql6RusVCTyZkmFdn6GlJ2DpzBJF77BiAQFVBEXwOK1giLAx4Cpoz6vkn3lQMyecJ%2Bzi2Ic5K1cKVdY9fZem1z7BtJuzaBOIerRssA6I4G87QpZML5OkiI1jDBGCR4FYLDEJRk0NRZNmJKyl2xxC0FXgQ4798GDL7%2FS54iZmHTbK8jkp1voE0zCUBByQdfBSh%2BX0HmX%2BFOiPc5RcmmFTw05bS4%2FN0GVr2G5StLgUz5KAtOG3By%2FkQ8I%2BPN1yn7buXM%2F2wTXsLK3DADaxnAucpX%2FNJM644QDOParCwIjBWVAPpeEKi1fPYsaiOWyKAja6FK9LCMaBWEDYTRSKZcgl4dIThD0cVR7dfIe2Dr5Ge34tf269gJQ9lNpgHnWpRRiEQS3jK%2B0cvqCDBc1TKZYMzoICEnlSdQlunrsQwslgyiCAelAPPgYUBPAKUcRv5jdxOf%2Fi2OW%2B9b%2FUHUMb6C68wjNt3yVpl1AbzKMxXAwokRYpxwOoKhVxRN4wtaGbb60e5qbbsqxYFjGSN9hChfZDZ0NDFkrDIIAKu4mACCBgBCoRZDNcvnKRsBfzw6cP05c7f8xAaTv1icOYmT6fhrAZEUPJD1Lwg8RaBgwiFgFUwRrPqiVdqAdVQVTxyYCNzU0gAgiIBTEgBhBQPhArxJ6rmhqpZiaFi5mePpvaxEwgpuAHKfkRVCuAwWABQ7WKd8yb1sM3zxtla5slQ5mdzVNg8iQoRyAGVNlNACMQGAgdWIGE47qTjxCqGE9EMR6g4vN4PAaDwQCGcQm7qRrCRJETl%2FWyuQNsAH8%2FqAkCC1oB5yEMILAgApGHfBn6RqB9gNVTahmPU%2FUYLCD8RxRUQBS8dxzU1MUlyyfRETbAjKlQ9kAKCh7yQ%2BzmLKQCqE9zUS5Jc02aa08%2BQhiHi30ZEWEiIrVkU%2F2cdkwf57QdB2EtFPLg8lyYtRyy%2BLPMrUtz0dIDhT3uYd%2BcJwYM%2B8MqqAAqeG9YtmiA25vamJ1rpTHXRU5byDadzeSjzhb2kwPDfhEQYQ9PrEnqawa5qPZWrHZiBDQCG3yRiXDsB1XwHqIIVA1iAAXVGNUkZRahavHxBqwPmQjDx1CFOAYfgwgESajNxFiJqcQGYYwh0loUQShjAGeEiTCMQz3EMfgYjFGSKSWVAWOEoW7DP1oyROLIJouUvUEVrJQRlE%2FKsYf3oAoi4JwSBuwilAqG93uE7h3w3lZhS4vy6%2B0Zth6%2FgG8c00XT5D5Gikki73BWUeUTceodSokgMFgHqsJoXujeYeh8F7a9BetbwL8DxB6yAmnl%2BodS%2FOXN2fz09FpWHdyOSIVCOY01HmEXFSbCBakigcnR35enr0tobzW8s0VpaVHoEHBADjhAIQSMUgvEGWXDDsspP2%2FkmjMzfH1VB7MahhkuJPAKTpSJcNs35bjt2fUs53Be2VCEtysww0CNwGyFADCAAh6IYNgDFhobPb0luPaBFI%2B2NHHjGf2sPLCNMbFaJsLcdtndctXB3%2BaVBx%2BBMGLBqgxMiqFGIQA8EAExoHzAAAq9FUgECk0x6zscJ949i1ueW0p%2FHlJmlIkQ9ljzwlpd%2FbUbYVsHi44%2FmM19eYg8WOHfeGVMOmGZlg7JOEPPUJ6udZ3AVqCW15%2B7lkOO%2FYqwn4QqP7j6F%2Fqzn9xI49JjSCcCdgwWwQl4BYRcaJmcSmAE3uoegpY24H2Yt5QrLz6aVSsO59STVgkTJIzjsade0NNOugHIs2DVHN4eLtGUSRBHnne3DULndsDTfNyRXHLqclYcuYRjViwT%2Ftsuu%2FJ6hYOUz5yhMF9hmZ7w5e%2Fprbffq%2Fy%2FPPDwk7rirO%2FovQ89rvwP%2FBNSQ9dQqZxzTAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg%3D%3D)](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464/full)
<!-- badges: end -->


# Research compendium for Tucker, Idrissi & Almeida (2020).

A compendium of code and data accompanying the publication:

#### Tucker [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-1514-4598), Idrissi [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-2226-6016), & Almeida [![](https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png)](http://orcid.org/0000-0003-4674-8092). (2020). Attraction effects for verbal gender and number are similar but not identical: self-paced reading evidence from Modern Standard Arabic.  Published in *Frontiers in Psychology, Language Sciences*, <https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.586464>

This compendium should allow for the reproduction of all figures and tables reported in the paper.

## Running the scripts

The scripts were created in:

* R (tested with version 4.0.3)
* RStudio (tested with version 1.3.1093)

If you have R and RStudio installed, it should be as easy as:

1. Clone or download this repository

2. Click on the "AnalysisScripts.Rproj" (it should open an RStudio session)

2. Open the file "00-ReproduceAnalyses-Tucker_et_al_2020.R"

3. Run the "Source" command from the RStudio menu

The analysis scripts will create a folder for each experiment as well as meta-analysis. Within each folder, you will find the original datasets used in the analysis as well as the reproduced figures and tables.

## Running the scripts in [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org)

Alternatively, you may also click the badge [![Launch Rstudio Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/diogo-almeida/TuckerIdrissiAlmeida2020/main?urlpath=rstudio) to start an RStudio version on your browser. It may take a while for it to start, though. You can then follow the same instructions as above.

Also, keep in mind that this is under testing and may fail. I managed to get it to work at the time of this writing, but YMMV.

## Supplementary Materials

In the folder ```supplementary_materials```, you will find the full list of sentences used in the experiments reported in the paper as an Rmarkdown document. You can peruse the document as is as RMarkdown is quite human-readable. Alternatively, you can generate a pdf by opening the Rmarkdown document in RStudio (in your own local installation or using the the RStudio session in Binder as described above), and pressing "Knit".

In order to generate the pdf, however, you will need to install the font [Markazi Text](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Markazi+Text?query=markazi), which is available for free on Google Fonts.

## Notes

1. It may be possible to run the scripts without RStudio. I have no idea on how to do it, though, so I cannot offer any support for it.

2. The bootstrapped CIs reported in the paper will differ a little from the ones generated from these scripts. We forgot to set a reproducible seed on the original analysis scripts, so the exact bootstrapped CIs reported in the paper are not reproducible, but the ones from the scripts are.

## Licenses

Text & Data: [CC-BY-4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Code: [GPL-3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
